- Khan Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Khan? 

 A : I held a character poll om MFG to decide my next character, and Khan ended up winning it. I was going to make him in the near
     future anyways, as tackling a low-tier from one of my favorite fighting games would be a good way to challenge myself and my
     CvS knowledge.


 Q : What's his playstyle like?

 A : Khan doesn't 100% play like source due to how bad he is in HFTF but he still retains his core gameplay aspects into the CvS
     style. So essentially he has everything that made him good in HFTF but expanded upon it.


 Q : How do you play Khan?

 A : Khan is a neutral and rushdown oriented character with very good buttons and very simple combos. His best buttons, like in source,
     are cr.LP and a.HP (aka 2a and j.C), they have good range, and work well in neutral situations. However, unlike in source, Khan's other
     buttons have real use too. His st.MP has better frame data (-1) and retains it's range, but still keeps the added downside of Khan's
     hurtbox being moved forward, allowing for a whiff punish. st.HP works as a good whiff punish if you can't hit cr.LP however it cannot
     be cancelled into any specials for a hit confirm. His sweep is a little faster on startup and grants him relatively the same Oki options
     as he does in HFTF. In terms of normals, Khan's are definitely above average in use. Every one of them has a decent use aside from cr.MK,
     which just has the same sort of use as st.MP but without any reliable ways to combo into it, and it starts up even slower than st.MP. In
     the specials department, Khan's options are still relatively limited. His Kigou Zan (charge move) has a quick startup and velocity so it
     has two main uses: catching the opponent off guard in neutral and combos. If you are in close enough range, you can cancel into DP for a
     more advantageous ender. However if the distance isn't close during a cr.LP string, ending the combo with the HP version of Kigou Zan works
     better since it causes a hard knockdown and leaves Khan with plenty of ways to set up stuff. The aforementioned DP of Khan isn't exactly
     a great special, and is mainly used in combos. It has little to no horizontal velocity, making it an unreliable anti-air. Khan's Counter
     move works well, however, since he can more or less dictate the match once he "learns" the moves of the opponent. If they're really
     aggressive or throw out the same pokes, you can punish them for doing so if you block. It makes Khan a lot more scarier to deal with if
     you learn more moves of the opponent. Spinny Funny still retains it's original use on the ground, and it's mainly used for denying jump
     ins or if someone just blindly walks forward in neutral you can use it to catch them off guard as well. However, Aerial Spinny Funny is
     probably the biggest change to Khan's moveset, as Aerial Spinny funny loses the mobility it had in HFTF to accomodate for the fact that
     mobility in general in CvS2 is lacking, and Khan having that move alone would make him pretty broken, so instead Aerial Spinny Funny is
     an Air Tatsumaki type move where he goes with the flow of the velocity he already has. It's a great tool for air-to-airs and it's
     also a great okizeme tool since it has a really ambiguous cross-up property. For supers, again, Khan's options are limited, but the two
     supers you might want to use frequently are Ichitaitou (the hit confirm super) and his Muteki Zan (BPol/Chaka super). These moves deal
     above average damage when compared to their level. Ichitaitou deals 225 damage, and Muteki Zan deals 350, both considered above average
     damage for their levels. Ichitaitou is very useful in combos, and works as a very nice ender to a simple cr.LP string. Muteki Zan has a
     lot of startup invul, and can be used in many ways because of it. Khan's moveset overall is much improved upon compared to HFTF, with a
     majority of his move-set having individual purposes for existing, unlike HFTF Khan where his only good moves were 2A, j.C, 5S and 214AA.
     Khan's oki game is simple, with his only real options being cr.LP, a.HP and Aerial Spinny Funny. You could use cr.LP as a way to set up
     a tick throw, or empty hop to make it look like you will a.HP only to do cr.LP, he has a few ways he can hit the opponent on wake up, but
     usually they get more predictable as the match goes on. Khan's mobility is still really good, but still toned down compared to HFTF. His
     back dash travels a lot of distance very quickly, and his forward dash is the same way. However you cannot do aerial Spinny Funny off of
     his backdash. To sum it all up, be flexible in the neutral, work with his Anubis Counter system and don't get pressured too much.



  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 cr.LP xx cr.LP xx s.MP xx MP.Kigou Zan

 cr.LP xx cr.LP xx cr.LP xx HP.Kigou Zan

 cr.LP xx st.MP xx HP.Kimei Zan

 cr.LP xx st.MP xx MP.Kigou Zan xx HP.Kimei Zan

 cr.LP xx cr.LP xx cr.LP xx HK.Spinny Funny


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 Install, repeat (cr.LP xx cr.LP xx LP.Kigou Zan), Ichitaitou

 Install, repeat (cr.MK xx Clacker Volley xx st.HK xx cr.MP), Ichitaitou


 = CREDITS =

  BadDarkness - SFF

  Me - Feedback